docs(changelog): for v15.9.0 [skip ci] (#1268)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: CHANGELOG.md

## [15.9.0](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/compare/v15.9.0...v15.8.0) (2020-01-23)

#### 🚀 Type: New Feature

- `application-shell`
  - [#1249](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1249) feat: send performance timing values to GTM ([@emmenko](https://github.com/emmenko))

#### 🐛 Type: Bug

- `permissions`

  - [#1259](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1259) fix(permissions): data fences to be overwritten by manage resource permission ([@tdeekens](https://github.com/tdeekens))

> Note that in this release we have added log statements whenever we encounter an what we consider an not recommended use of our permission components. The permission components include `RestrictedByPermissions`, `injectAuthorized` and `useIsAuthorized`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this release, whenever permissions are evaluated, we might log some warnings in case the demanded permissions do not follow our recommended approach (read below). The components affected by this check include `RestrictedByPermissions`, `injectAuthorized` and `useIsAuthorized`.
```

> 1. We recommend that with any of those components one general permission at a time is evaluated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When using `demandedPermissions`, we recommend that only one set of permissions is defined
  1.a Implied permissions do not need to be passed. For instance, `ViewOrders` is implied by `ManageOrders`, therefore passing only `ViewOrders` is sufficient
```

> 2. We also recommend not evaluating more than one action right at a time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When using `demandedActionRights`, we recommend that only one set of action rights is defined
```

> 3. We recommend not to use `shouldMatchSomePermissions` but instead use e.g. `useIsAuthorized` twice and composing the boolean value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We recommend to not use `shouldMatchSomePermissions` but instead evaluate one permission at a time. For example, using `useIsAuthorized` multiple times
```

> 4. Implied permission do not need to be passed. For instance `ViewOrders` is implied by `ManageOrders` so only passing `ViewOrders` is sufficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## [15.9.0](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/compare/v15.9.0...v15.8.0) (2020-01-23)

Reviewer: We should mention about the deprecated warnings of permissions and give a couple of examples how it's recommended to be used.

#### ⛑ Type: Refactoring

- `application-components`, `application-shell`, `permissions`
  - [#1260](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1260) refactor(app-shell): deprecate MeasureFirstPaint ([@emmenko](https://github.com/emmenko))

#### 🔮 Type: Chore

- `babel-preset-mc-app`, `jest-preset-mc-app`, `permissions`
  - [#1261](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1261) chore(permissions): add warnings to propose improvements ([@tdeekens](https://github.com/tdeekens))
- `application-shell`, `permissions`, `sdk`
  - [#1267](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1267) refactor: fix and improve docs and usage of permissions ([@tdeekens](https://github.com/tdeekens))
- Other
  - [#1262](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1262) chore: ignore .vscode/settings.json, add recommended.code-workspace ([@emmenko](https://github.com/emmenko))

#### 🤖 Type: Dependencies

- `jest-preset-mc-app`, `mc-scripts`, `sdk`
  - [#1263](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1263) chore: update jest ([@tdeekens](https://github.com/tdeekens))

> #### ✍️ Type: Documentation

Reviewer: We can remove this, it's duplicated

- [#1205](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1205) docs(website): support policy ([@emmenko](https://github.com/emmenko)

#### 🖥 Type: Website

> - [#1205](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1205) docs(website): support polic ([@emmenko](https://github.com/emmenko))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1205](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1205) docs(website): support policy ([@emmenko](https://github.com/emmenko))
```

#### 🐛 Type: Bug

- `permissions`

  - [#1259](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/1259) fix(permissions): data fences to be overwritten by manage resource permission ([@tdeekens](https://github.com/tdeekens))

> Note that in this release we have added log statements whenever we encounter an what we consider an not recommended use of our permission components. The permission components include `RestrictedByPermissions`, `injectAuthorized` and `useIsAuthorized`.

Author: @emmenko this is what you had in mind, right?

Reviewer: Yes, that's the idea. Thanks!
